## [Co Com 090107 Agenda](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda)
### 2009-01-07
| Time| Transcript| Video|
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0:00:00| We're ready to start our January agenda meeting.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=0)|
| 0:00:13| I want to welcome everyone here.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=13)|
| 0:00:15| Happy New Year.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=15)|
| 0:00:18| I have seven items.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=18)|
| 0:00:22| Number 19 needs to be deferred 30 days at the request of Andy Black.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=22)|
| 0:00:28| What was that?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=28)|
| 0:00:29| Number 19.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=29)|
| 0:00:38| And I have six additions.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=38)|
| 0:00:41| The first one, to appoint 7B.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=41)|
| 0:00:46| This was deferred from December.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=46)|
| 0:00:48| Commissioner Smith.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=48)|
| 0:00:51| The second one is the feasibility study and public input on a downtown prisoner intake center,| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=51)|
| 0:00:57| including aspects of need, location, design, size, and cost.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=57)|
| 0:01:03| This was also deferred from December.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=63)|
| 0:01:06| Commissioner Briggs.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=66)|
| 0:01:09| The third one is authorizing the subdivision and conveyance of a northeast 1.75-acre portion of Knox County| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=69)|
| 0:01:16| property located at 1758 Hillwood Drive to the city of Knoxville at no cost.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=76)|
| 0:01:26| This was deferred from December.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=86)|
| 0:01:28| Commissioner Brown.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=88)|
| 0:01:31| Number four is closure of unnamed right-of-way off of John Sevier School Road Street,| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=91)|
| 0:01:36| located off of John Sevier School Road.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=96)|
| 0:01:40| Property owners Rebecca Wood and Juanita Laycock.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=100)|
| 0:01:44| This is the second reading.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=104)|
| 0:01:48| This comes from the engineering and public works.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=108)|
| 0:01:52| The fifth one is Stock Creek Stream migration plan, mitigation plan.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=112)|
| 0:01:59| This comes from Commissioner Pinkston.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=119)|
| 0:02:03| And our last, the sixth one, is public defender grant.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=123)|
| 0:02:07| It comes from the public defender.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=127)|
| 0:02:09| Is there anyone else that has anything to be added or deleted?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=129)|
| 0:02:16| Anyone else need anything added or deleted?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=136)|
| 0:02:20| Mr. Chairman, I would like to have some discussion.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=140)|
| 0:02:23| I think we had some.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=143)|
| 0:02:25| It was the last meeting, the meeting before, I can't remember, about the redistricting, obviously,| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=145)|
| 0:02:30| that must occur for the 2010 election.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=150)|
| 0:02:34| I don't believe we acted on it, if I recall.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=154)|
| 0:02:36| But we do need to make some provision to move forward with that.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=156)|
| 0:02:41| Do you want to add this as a discussion item?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=161)|
| 0:02:44| I suppose if we do that, can we act on something?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=164)|
| 0:02:51| We can do whatever we want to do.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=171)|
| 0:02:52| Okay.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=172)|
| 0:02:53| Let's add it as a discussion item.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=173)|
| 0:02:55| Thank you.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=175)|
| 0:02:57| Does anyone else have anything that needs to be added?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=177)|
| 0:03:00| Yes, Mr. Chairman.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=180)|
| 0:03:01| Another discussion item as a result of the audit committee meeting yesterday,| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=181)|
| 0:03:08| the last chairman of the audit committee, Ed Schaust, also audit committee member,| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=188)|
| 0:03:16| Penbar Saunders and myself, would like to maybe present in discussion format some of the things| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=196)|
| 0:03:23| that are taking place in the audit committee.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=203)|
| 0:03:26| Okay.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=206)|
| 0:03:27| Discussion item only.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=207)|
| 0:03:28| Okay.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=208)|
| 0:03:30| Is there anyone else?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=210)|
| 0:03:31| Any other commissioner?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=211)|
| 0:03:36| Anyone from the audience?| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=216)|
| 0:03:40| Public forum.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=220)|
| 0:03:42| This meeting is adjourned.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=222)|
| 0:03:43| Three minutes.| [source video](https://archive.org/details/cocom090107agenda?start=223)|
